Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Am I not also a YouTuber?
And, having said that, it's finally here
Here I go
REALLY!
Please, ready your ears and listen
Here I go, everyone
Shh...
The first A.I.Channel...
Ah, can't you hear me?
THE FIRST A.I.CHANNEL...
...100 thousand yen valued iTunes Card giveaway!
Yay~
Well...
You might think that it's not much, but...
After all, I...
Like Hi*ru...
Ra*ael...
*meshachou...
“For*den boys”...
And Hi*kin...
(They are all YouTubers)
Or something like that, right?
And other names that play Splatoon...
Like PS4...
Who have given out many tens of prizes...
In however many million yen...
But, what about if I give away iTunes cards?
It might not be much if you compared it to the other prices, but...
I count on all of you!
Ya! So that's what has been decided so far!
However... well...
It might not be as bulky as you were all thinking, however...
That is why... truly...
Because it's a small amount out of my pocket…
*inhales*
I squeezed it out!
Please accept my 100,000 yen!
For everyone's sake... for the sake of the view count...
It's a win-win
This is it, a win-win!
The objective of a win-win, is to win-win!
Now, I will explain the essential entry process!
This time, it's my first iTunes Card present!
So it may be asking a lot...
But please do this!
There are two ways to enter!
First, from YouTube!
One, subscribe to A.I.channel!
Please!
If you haven't done this, even if you win, I can't send you messages...
So please make sure to subscribe!
Next, in the comments of this video, I will comment "Present entry is here!"
So leave your passionate responses there!
If you want an iTunes Card...
Please write down your feelings for me... and send them!
I remind you that...
I will use YouTube's comment feature to contact you...
So make sure to change your settings...
So you can receive messages from the Top Page
If you don't understand, Google it...
And then, next, Twitter!
One, follow my Twitter! Please!
I can't send messages here either, so please!
Next, I'll make a tweet about the draw
So please like and retweet!
I remind you that...
I want a lot of people to enter...
So I’d be happy if you hyped it up with the hashtag #AiChans100000Yen!
Entries end two weeks from today!
Whichever way you enter, I'll contact you to notify you if you win!
If you aren't contacted... I'm very sorry!
Now, the "Final entry condition!"
Watch this video until the end ♡
If you say "Lineage 2," I think there are a lot of people familiar with it!
And, regarding “Lineage 2”, it’s being released newly as a mobile game!
Yaaaay!
So to speed things up and play the game sooner...
I'd like to introduce everyone!
You're probably jealous, aren't you? Mhm...
Ja-jan! It's the character!
Whoo!
How cute… I'm rotating the camera
I'm disappointed with the underpants, since...
You can’t see them, but that’s healthier
And her weapon, it's fluffy!
Amazing, it's pretty good
I can also change her outfit
Ja-jan!
Her twintails are cute!
Ah! She's really, really jumping a lot!
Eh? Her movement is somewhat cute!
You're laughing a lot, aren't you?!
Cute, but...
It kind of feels strange, the way she moves, she's cute
This game has an MMO feel to it and...
You receive the quests and then clear them
The basic flow would be...
Now that we started playing...
I'll try out several dungeons....
And everyone will see what the game is like!
Hoi!
The Tower of Pride
The reason I’m starting at the 24th floor is because...
Well~! If it’s the first floor...
I’m too strong and it won’t show the gameplay!
*The Tower of Pride = An important dungeon with the drop “Rune fragment” with can strengthen the character's status*
Soiya!
Fight!
Good! Gah!
Don't come here! Don't come here! Don't!
This is, you know... I'm happy, but...
There’s no locked controls
*Point: There's no locked controls*
So you can go without restraint
I’m bad with… ah, they’re beating me, they're beating me
I’m bad with locked controls, so...
By the way...
I am strong so... the monster too, which I'm going to defeat, but...
*Point: When you defeat the boss, even if there are small enemies left, the quest is clear*
Oh!
That was so easy
Ja-jan!
Yay! That's how you do it right!
And now we're here
Although there is a limited time
*Time limit*
"If you don't clear all waves in time...
Or your character gets killed...
It will be considered as a loss"
"And then when you lose, you won't be able to enter the same level again that day"
That's why...
You should...
Fight carefully...
Against monsters, right?
What's this? It's cute...
*Black Forest Hound*
The belly of the doggie looks so flappy
AHH! NOOO!
Eh?
Isn't this belly super cute?
It’s so flappy...
Well, that was easy
I'm happy that the win was quick
The attack...
How do I say it?
It's not the posture of her attack...
It's the movement when she attacks, it looks cute, right?
Like skipping around rotating...
Just now...
Although it was a boss... it felt like a weak boss
Since we've started...
Don't you want to see a huge boss?
In this case!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
I would like to challenge... the Adena Dungeon!
In the Adena Dungeon, your reward changes...
Depending on your combo count and...
The boss's remaining HP...
So now let's go!
Okay
Here I go
By the way, untiI I attack it, it can't...
Attack...
That's great
I can observe it closely
Incredible! It's golden!
Seems strong... can I win?
Well... I can do it!
Ahh!
But wait, everyone... don't worry...
I can cheat
Although...
‘Cause its me...
Being this strong
I won't die like usual!
I mean my gear is...
Too strong for this, right?
I can just say “Ho ho ho”!
(acting tough)
Ooo-yaaah!
Ah, wait, wait... I'm out of MP... I'm out of MP as a matter of fact
But, you know, my equipment is way too strong...
But my normal attacks are really strong too!
Oya, oya!
Soiya!
My MP isn't enough...
Ahh, what does this mean?!
Sei!
Oh! We've already gotten about halfway... this looks bad...
Seiya, soiya!
Eh? Ah, I got scared...
I definitely won't die, right?
Stop, please!
Okay!
The animations of this spinning and hitting attack...
Are really amazing...
Yes, even if you breathe fire, I won't get roasted!
I don't have enough MP!
Ah, I cleared it! I won!
Look at me! I got a triple S!
It was an easy win, wasn't it?
Also, even though I can't do it now, but... Chan!
There's what's called a 'Blood Oath...'
A 'Guild', so to speak!
As you enter 'Blood Oaths,' the number of dungeons you can challenge increase!
If you play Lineage 2, we can work together! Isn't that nice?
But, despite that...
Well, you know...
It's incredible that a mobile phone game looks so beautiful
But then, really, these movements…
This, this...!
You spin around like 'SPWAN'! This attack...
The attack animations are...
Unbearably good, right?
Just like an MMO... because there are so many mechanics...
It seems like it would be exciting to cooperate with everyone!
By the way... the 'KizunaAi' on the 'Goddard' server is me!
Because we won't be able to play together if you don't pick the same server... be careful!
It's true, it turns out, this server can get pretty crowded, so again, be careful!
So everyone, please join as soon as possible!
Also, to everyone who was kind enough to watch this far...
Thank you very much! I hope you can win my present! ♥
And thanks to everyone from 'Lineage 2: Revolution!'
*Congratulations for 'Lineage 2'*
Well then, this has been Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Bararo, Angrybunny, Mitsukitten, Lacrymac, Zerch, Vortex, Thatsillogical, StargazerOntan, and ロリコ